1. Implement a void method (method which doesn't return anything) which just outputs text "Hello, John!".
   Write a program which demonstrates usages of this method.


2. Implement a method "greetPerson" which accepts one argument (String name) and output text "Hello, <NAME>!"
   <NAME> name is the value of argument. Write a program which demonstrates usages of this method.
   hint: to concatenate text (add/put it together), you can use + operator.


3. Implement a method "multiply" which has two parameters (whole numbers, x1 and x2). This method
   has to multiply these two parameters and output the result.
   Write a program which uses this method and outputs the result to user.
   Example:
        multiply(5, 5); //25
        multiply(2, 2); //4


4. Implement a method "getGreatest" with three whole numbers as parameters (x1, x2, x3) and returns the
  highest number of those. (hint: you will have to use if / else to compare the numbers, similar as
  we did in Lesson 4, task 2)
  Example of method usage:
       System.out.println(getGreatest(1, 2, 3)); //prints 3
       System.out.println(getGreatest(5, 2, 3)); //prints 5


5. Write a method "isEqual" which has two parameters (whole numbers) and returns true if they are
   equal and false if they are not. Write a program which uses this method and outputs
   the result to user.


6. Write a method "isPositive" which has one parameter (whole number) and returns true if it is
   positive or zero and false, if it is negative. Write a program which uses this method and outputs
   the result to user.


7. Write a method "isEven" which has one parameter (whole number) and returns true if the number is
   event or false, if it is not. Write a program which uses this method and outputs the result to user.
   ( hint: you can use % to check if number is event.
     Example: https://www.programmingsimplified.com/java/source-code/java-program-odd-even )


8. Write a method with two whole numbers as parameters (n1 and n2) and prints out all the numbers
   from n1 to n2. This method doesn't return anything, it just prints the numbers. If n1 is greater
   than or equal to n2 then method doesn't print anything.


9. Implement a method (findHighest) which accepts array of whole numbers as argument returns the highest
   value number in array. Write a program which demonstrates the usage of this method.


10. Implement a method (findLowest) which accepts array of whole numbers as argument returns the value of
   lowest number in array. Write a program which demonstrates the usage of this method.


11. Implement a method which accepts one argument (array of whole numbers) and returns the sum of
   those numbers.
   hint: you will have to loop trough array and sum all of the elements in it and then return the result.
